Ldm3d first PR (#3668)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/api/pipelines/stable_diffusion/ldm3d_diffusion.mdx

*Overview*:

| Pipeline | Tasks | Colab | Demo
|---|---|:---:|:---:|
| [pipeline_stable_diffusion_ldm3d.py](https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers/blob/main/src/diffusers/pipelines/stable_diffusion/pipeline_stable_diffusion_ldm3d.py) | *Text-to-Image Generation* | - | -

## Tips

- LDM3D generates both an image and a depth map from a given text prompt, compared to the existing txt-to-img diffusion models such as [Stable Diffusion](./stable_diffusion/overview) that generates only an image.

> - With almost the same number of parameters LDM3D achieves to create a latent space that compressed both the RGB image and the depth. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- With almost the same number of parameters, LDM3D achieves to create a latent space that can compress both the RGB images and the depth maps. 
```

> - *Run LDM3D*: LDM3D can be tested very easily with the [`StableDiffusionLDM3DPipeline`]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running LDM3D is straighforward with the [`StableDiffusionLDM3DPipeline`]:
```
